add R/Pharma draft slides (#75)
RConsortium/asa-biop-swe-wg: slides/rpharma-wg-mmrm-oct2023.qmd

---

> title: "Introducing the Software Engineering Working Group and R Package {mmrm}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Introducing `openstatsware` and the R Package `{mmrm}`"
```
generally I would mention openstatsware much more, and only once the old name

subtitle: "R/Pharma 2023 Conference"
author: "Ya Wang on behalf of the working group"
date: "2023/10/24"
format: 
  pptx:
    incremental: true   
    toc: true
    toc-depth: 1
    toc-title: Outline
---

```{r setup}
#| include: false
#| echo: false
```

# Introducing the Working Group

> ## Software Engineering Working Group

Reviewer: also here
